Make it easier to import the project in IDEA (#16309)
quarkusio/quarkus: CONTRIBUTING.md

##### `OutOfMemoryError` while importing

> After creating an IDEA project, the first import might fail with an `OutOfMemoryError`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating an IDEA project, the first import might fail with an `OutOfMemory` error,
```

> as the size of the project requires more memory than the IDEA default settings allow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the size of the project requires more memory than the IDEA default settings allow.

**Note** In some IDEA versions the `OutOfMemory` error goes unreported. 
So if no error is reported but IDEA is still failing to find symbols or the dependencies are wrong in the imported project, then importing might have failed due to an unreported `OutOfMemory` exception.
One can further investigate this by inspecting the `org.jetbrains.idea.maven.server.RemoteMavenServer36` process (or processes) using `JConsole`.
```

To fix that, open the _Preferences_ window (or _Settings_ depending on your edition),
then navigate to _Build, Execution, Deployment_ > _Build Tools_ > _Maven_ > _Importing_.
In _VM options for importer_, raise the heap to at least 2 GB; some people reported
needing more, e.g. `-Xmx8g`.

In some most recent IDEA versions this won't work because of open issue [IDEA-250160](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/IDEA-250160):

> it disregards the _VM options for importer_ settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I'd keep this, it summarizes the problem.

Reviewer: Isn't that covered by "this might not work because _VM options for importer_ get ignored when `.mvn/jdk.config` is present" above?

Author: I might be wrong but I had the impression the bug is more extensive than that.

An alternative solution is to go to _Help_ > _Edit Custom Properties..._ and
add the following line:

`idea.maven.embedder.xmx=8g`

> After these configurations, you might need _File_ -> _Invalidate Caches and Restart_ as well;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After these configurations, you might need to run  _File_ -> _Invalidate Caches and Restart_ 
```

> then trigger a `Reload all Maven projects`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and then trigger a `Reload all Maven projects`.
```

* The Maven build fails with `OutOfMemoryException`

>   Set Maven options to use more memory: `export MAVEN_OPTS="-Xmx4g"`.

Reviewer 2: With 4g now set in `.mvn/jvm.config`, the example here doesn't really change anything, does it?

Author: True - and technically I think we could remove the section.  But I did wonder if someone has a `MAVEN_OPTS` set, it might override the project settings and get you in trouble - which would be fixed by gibing it "more memory" and setting this explicitly.

Reviewer 2: Yes, `MAVEN_OPTS` should override this but my main point is/was that 4 is less than 5. 😉
